packages/http-proxy-agent/README.md, before:

http-proxy-agent
================
### An HTTP(s) proxy `http.Agent` implementation for HTTP

This module provides an `http.Agent` implementation that connects to a specified
HTTP or HTTPS proxy server, and can be used with the built-in `http` module.

__Note:__ For HTTP proxy usage with the `https` module, check out
[`https-proxy-agent`](../https-proxy-agent).


Example
-------

```ts
import * as http from 'http';
import { HttpProxyAgent } from 'http-proxy-agent';

const agent = new HttpProxyAgent('http://168.63.76.32:3128');

http.get('http://nodejs.org/api/', { agent }, (res) => {
  console.log('"response" event!', res.headers);
  res.pipe(process.stdout);
});
```

License
-------

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

[http-proxy-agent] Support dynamic `headers` option (#175)

packages/http-proxy-agent/README.md, after:

http-proxy-agent
================
### An HTTP(s) proxy `http.Agent` implementation for HTTP

This module provides an `http.Agent` implementation that connects to a specified
HTTP or HTTPS proxy server, and can be used with the built-in `http` module.

__Note:__ For HTTP proxy usage with the `https` module, check out
[`https-proxy-agent`](../https-proxy-agent).


Example
-------

```ts
import * as http from 'http';
import { HttpProxyAgent } from 'http-proxy-agent';

const agent = new HttpProxyAgent('http://168.63.76.32:3128');

http.get('http://nodejs.org/api/', { agent }, (res) => {
  console.log('"response" event!', res.headers);
  res.pipe(process.stdout);
});
```

API
---

### new HttpProxyAgent(proxy: string | URL, options?: HttpProxyAgentOptions)

The `HttpProxyAgent` class implements an `http.Agent` subclass that connects
to the specified "HTTP(s) proxy server" in order to proxy HTTP requests.

The `proxy` argument is the URL for the proxy server.

The `options` argument accepts the usual `http.Agent` constructor options, and
some additional properties:

 * `headers` - Object containing additional headers to send to the proxy server
   in each request. This may also be a function that returns a headers object.
  
   **NOTE:** If your proxy does not strip these headers from the request, they
   will also be sent to the destination server.

License
-------

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
